[DOGS BARKING]
[OPERA MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ ♪
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Shaw?
♪ ♪
What the hell's going on?
Shaw?
[GAGGING]
♪ ♪
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
You must be one
of Nellie's little whores.
Come to take your revenge. is that it?
[RECORD CRACKLING]
♪ ♪
Well. get on with it.
[GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
Attagirl.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
- [BOTTLE SHATTERS]
- [SHOUTS]
[GROANS]
♪ ♪
You came all this way.
It'd be a shame to give up now.
[GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[DRAMATIC SPAGHETTI WESTERN MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER. BABY CRYING]
Bill.
[GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
[POUNDING AT DOOR]
[PANTING]
[DOOR CLATTERS OPEN]
Morning. ma'am.
What's wrong?
Someone here to see you.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Upstairs. boys.
Morning. Bill.
Shit.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
- [GRUNTS]
- [HORSE WHINNIES]
Mr. O'Hara.
Mr. Mayor.
I assume you know why I'm here.
I've just come from the hospital
where Chief Atwood is laid up.
He's claiming you attacked him.
Is that what he said?
He didn't say anything.
His jaw is wired shut.
But I have a written statement
to that effect.
That's not what happened.
Your former colleagues over there
claim Chief Atwood
was inebriated on duty
and fell down a flight of stairs.
[CHUCKLES]
Would you dispute their assertion?
I...
well... that does sound
like something he would do.
Because I'm in need
of a new police chief.
But you seem a little
worse for wear yourself.
So the question is. are you up for it?
♪ ♪
I'm afraid I'll require
an answer immediately.
♪ ♪
Yes. sir.
I'm your man.
Good. You start today. Chief O'Hara.
[SIGHS]
Thank you. sir.
♪ ♪
What about Atwood. sir?
If we can deport hundreds of Chinese.
I'm sure we can rid ourselves
of one New York Protestant.
[CANE TAPPING]
♪ ♪
[CHUCKLES]
- Hyah!
- [HORSE WHINNIES]
♪ ♪
[CHICKENS CLUCKING]
Hey.
Sorry for bringing you here like this.
It was the only safe place
I could think of.
[SIGHS]
What is it? What's wrong?
I'll wait outside.
Don't touch anything.
From the latest batch of chop.
There's nice detailing around the edges.
It's clean cut. but I didn't...
I didn't make this.
Young Jun's guys are getting good.
It's passable. It's not perfect.
But it's close.
You really think Young Jun's
gonna come after me?
I don't want to find out.
[TENDER MUSIC]
♪ ♪
You should come with me.
I should.
♪ ♪
But you won't.
I want to.
♪ ♪
Well. you better decide quick.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Hail to the goddamn chief!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
Way to go. Chief.
Well played.
All right. all right. enough.
Now back to work. you lazy cunts.
[LAUGHTER]
Congratulations. Bill.
Long overdue.
Thank you. Lee.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[SIGHS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[INHALES SHARPLY]
[GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
[CHUCKLES]
Idiots.
♪ ♪
So you're going with her?
I don't know.
But you're thinking about it.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
If you go with her.
she won't be the only one
running from the Tongs.
And if I stay. it's gonna get ugly.
♪ ♪
I don't belong in the Hop Wei anymore.
You never really did.
I can't tell you that
what's out there is better.
It wasn't for me.
But maybe it's time
to find out for yourself.
♪ ♪
Li Yong.
What are they doing here?
For protection.
From me?
I need to talk to you... alone.
You can't be serious.
Maybe we should talk another time.
when you're not as angry.
[CHOKING]
♪ ♪
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
You think I would hurt you?
I don't know.
♪ ♪
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
They left her on my doorstep.
♪ ♪
[WHIMPERS]
Oh. Lai.
Lai.
♪ ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER. TOOLS CLATTERING]
[PEOPLE GRUNTING]
725.000 tons of steel and concrete
taking the reach of American industry
all the way to the Oregon
timberlands and back.
Damn impressive sight. hmm?
Sure.
You don't agree?
I do...
which is why you might want
to start your hiring soon
so you don't fall behind.
What are you talking about?
Now that Buckley's mayor.
it won't be long till this lot's
on a slow boat back to China.
[CHUCKLES]
Even the mayor can't lower
the price of steel.
Till the cost of materials comes down.
I can't afford to hire American.
You won't have a choice.
Buckley's gonna outlaw Chinese labor.
And who put Buckley in that seat?
We did.
Allowances will be made.
Like I said. I have no use
for an honest mayor.
Hold on.
You promised me jobs. Mr. Strickland.
I promised you a partnership.
This is bigger than one job site.
Every stop along my railroad
will create new towns.
new opportunities for the men
whose interests you represent.
I mean. real. lasting wealth.
not the kind of backbreaking toil
that chews up and spits out
every new wave of foreigners
that wash up on American shores.
You gave me your word.
Your anger is misplaced.
Man like you shouldn't have
to live in a bar.
hustling work for ungrateful drunks.
I'll make you the richest
Irishman in San Francisco.
Then you'll have the power
to do whatever you please...
invest in industry.
hire as many barflies
as your conscience requires.
My people need jobs now.
Your people do half the work
for twice the pay.
I don't want the Chinese here
any more than you do.
but while they are here.
you better believe
I'm gonna make a dollar off them.
Now. if you're finished
waving your banner
for the Emerald Isle. let's have a drink
and talk about your future.
I trusted you.
[TENSE MUSIC]
And you fucked me.
If you really believe that.
you aren't the man I thought you were.
♪ ♪
[PEOPLE GRUNTING]
He's been like this for days.
There must be something more
you can do for him.
His blood is poisoned.
There are some tinctures I can prepare
to end his suffering.
Get the fuck out.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[DOOR CLICKS OPEN AND SHUT]
He's right. you know.
There's nothing he can do.
You're gonna be fine.
You just need to rest.
[LAUGHS]
I'm about to get plenty of it.
Don't talk like that.
You've come back from worse.
Look at me.
It's time.
[SOMBER MUSIC]
Don't let me go out a babbling old man
pissing himself in public.
What are you asking me to do?
What you should have done
when you first took over the Tong.
Fuck that.
I spent my entire life scrapping.
I built something.
I was the most powerful man
in Chinatown.
That's how I want to be
remembered. not like this.
You got what you wanted.
Give me my dignity.
I got what I wanted?
♪ ♪
All I wanted... was your respect.
Then earn it.
You are the leader of the Hop Wei.
Act like it.
♪ ♪
What is it?
I love you. Father.
♪ ♪
- [FLESH SQUELCHES]
- [GROANS SOFTLY]
♪ ♪
[GROANS]
My son.
♪ ♪
My...
Boy.
♪ ♪
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[LAUGHTER]
♪ ♪
I can't believe this turnout.
[CHUCKLES]
What can I say?
I am irresistible.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
Of course. it helps to have friends
who can buy out the club.
Tonight it's just us.
♪ ♪
I wish every night was like this.
- Oh. [CHUCKLES]
- Oh. sorry.
Oh.
No. it's fine. but I do need a refill.
Don't go anywhere.
I can't.
I'm on in ten minutes.
[CHUCKLES]
♪ ♪
[LAUGHS]
Hi.
You must be the prettiest Chinese boy
I ever laid eyes on.
You got a name?
Oh. you don't speak American?
That's fine by me.
You cop.
No. not tonight. I'm not.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
- [YELLS]
- [GRUNTS]
[PEOPLE SCREAM]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
- [GROANS]
- [YELLS]
[GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[PEOPLE MURMURING]
Hong!
[MUFFLED PIANO MUSIC PLAYING]
What the hell was that?
You don't know that guy.
You don't know what he's done.
Inside that club. no one
is who they are on the outside.
We come here to be free of all of that.
That motherfucker is a white cop.
He is free.
He puts his boots on our necks
every day in Chinatown.
- This isn't Chinatown.
- This isn't anywhere.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
This is a fucking fantasy.
♪ ♪
This fantasy...
is my life.
Some of us have to live
in the real world.
♪ ♪
Then maybe that's what you should do.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
This time. you have a plan.
straight-and-narrow boy.
Conor. how's freedom treating you?
Better than jail.
I don't think
I could have taken another day
- in that shithole.
- Well...
You've done right by us. Dylan.
I won't forget it.
Fellow travelers and all.
So with you and your brother
being back on the streets.
I suppose you'll be needing work.
Sure. sure.
- If you hear of anything...
- Well. you're in luck.
I need a couple of men
for a job tonight.
What is it?
[CHUCKLES]
[INSECTS CHIRPING]
[OWL HOOTS]
[EXPLOSIONS BOOMING]
[PERSON YELLING INDISTINCTLY]
[PEOPLE CLAMORING]
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Afternoon. miss.
[BOTH SPEAKING CANTONESE] _
_
Why you do this?
I tell you I know nothing.
You lied to us.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
We know you're printing money
for the Tongs.
Where are the plates?
♪ ♪
I don't know.
- [SNIFFLES. CLEARS THROAT]
- [HANDCUFFS RATTLING]
♪ ♪
[TENSE MUSIC]
[AXES BANGING]
♪ ♪
[SOMBER MUSIC]
There's an old fable
that speaks eloquently
to our collective grief today.
It tells us that great wisdom
only comes from great struggle.
And were he here...
Father Jun would tell me
to skip the damn story
and get to the point...
[LAUGHTER]
In much more colorful language.
And so in that spirit...
♪ ♪
Father Jun was born
into poverty in Xinye.
Came to America with a dream
of building a legacy.
And he died...
a man of his own making.
beholden to no one...
♪ ♪
Knowing his legacy was secure.
Today we make offerings
to smooth Father Jun's journey
through the spirit world
and to honor
his contributions to this one
by following his example of strength.
endurance. and charity.
Father Jun. you inspired us.
You protected us.
And when our community's
survival was at stake.
you fought beside us.
As the proverb goes...
all of life is a dream walking.
All of death is a going home.
♪ ♪
[SIGHS]
Welcome home.
♪ ♪
[WATER TRICKLING]
She deserves justice.
Justice come in many way.
Yes.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I've spoken to the mayor.
and he has assured me
that his administration will continue
to back our expansion.
[CLEARS THROAT]
What is this?
That's what's left
of your fucking bridge.
You know you've done nothing
but weaken your own cause?
That bridge will be up again
inside the month.
Then I'll blow it up again.
And I'll have you in jail
by the week's end.
Those cops you'd have come arrest me.
they got fathers. brothers.
sons who you refuse to employ.
Do your fucking worst.
You really think a man like you
can ever stop a man like me?
[DISHES CLATTER]
Men like me are the only ones
who can stop men like you.
You got all that money
and all your connections.
But when my boot's
on your fucking chest.
you'll break like anyone else.
The gangster emerges.
You've never met the gangster.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
What are you doing here?
Where is Yan Mi?
They took her because of you.
What the hell are you talking about?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
♪ ♪
Move. Come on.
What the hell are you doing here?
♪ ♪
So the plates are still in Chinatown?
And the press and the money.
all in one place.
You let her go...
I'll tell you where to find them.
And why should we trust you?
For what it's worth. I don't
think he's fucking with us.
The girl goes free...
after the plates are in our possession.
- If this is some sort of trick...
- It's not.
If you lead us
into a dead end or an ambush.
she will be on the first ship
back to China.
Do we have a deal?
How do I know you'll keep your word?
Guess we're just gonna have
to trust each other.
Well. now that we're all
so goddamn cozy.
how's this gonna work?
Give me the night
to make some arrangements
so that no one gets hurt on either side.
Then I'll tell you where to go and when.
All right.
I want to see her.
♪ ♪
[DOOR SQUEAKS OPEN. BANGS SHUT]
Hey.
Hey. Hey!
- Hi.
What are you doing here?
I'm getting you out.
What? How?
[SIGHS]
Well...
♪ ♪
You told them where the plates are.
Not yet. but I'm going to.
Just got to set
a couple things up first.
If Young Jun finds out.
he's gonna kill you.
We'll be long gone by then.
We?
Yeah.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
OK. OK.
As soon as they get the plates.
they'll release you.
OK.
And you?
The second you get out...
go straight to the train station.
I'll meet you there.
Where are we gonna go?
♪ ♪
Wherever we want.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
♪ ♪
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
♪ When coldness or deceit ♪
♪ Shall slight ♪
♪ The beauty now vaporized ♪
♪ And deem it but a faded light ♪
♪ Which beams within your eyes ♪
♪ When hollow hearts ♪
♪ Shall wear a mask ♪
♪ 'Twill break your own ♪
♪ To see ♪
♪ In such a moment ♪
♪ I but ask ♪
♪ That you remember ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ You remember ♪
[APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪
Need you to hold this for me
just for tonight.
What did you do?
- Nothing yet.
- Mm.
This isn't the fake stuff?
No.
That is...
every real cent I've made
since I got here.
And you're leaving it with me?
One night. Chao.
Take a cut for your trouble.
I'll be back for it tomorrow.
[SIGHS] After that...
you'll never have to see me again.
Or Yan Mi. I'm guessing. right?
Why now?
Look. you want my help or not?
They arrested her.
No.
They'll deport her
if they don't get the plates.
And even if they do...
Yung Jun will have her diced.
I wouldn't blame him.
This is bad for everyone. including me.
This won't touch you. Chao.
- Oh.
- You have my word.
Look at that.
Itchy onion cut a deal.
Huh.
[SIGHS]
Just stay clear of the ice
factory tomorrow morning.
Hmm.
It will be crawling with cops.
You really think she's worth
blowing all this up?
Yeah.
She is.
[SNIFFLES]
If you're late. I'm keeping this. hmm?
I won't be.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
- And. Chao...
- Just save it.
I'll see you tomorrow.
♪ ♪
[DOOR CLICKS OPEN AND SHUT]
There you are.
Ooh. what's that?
Homemade baijiu.
Father Jun liked to break
it out on special occasions.
I figure this counts.
Yeah.
[BOTH GRUNT SOFTLY]
How you holding up?
I don't know.
I always thought
when this day came. I'd feel...
lost.
But somehow. wherever he is.
I kind of feel like the old man's
prouder of me now than he ever was.
Does that sound crazy?
- No.
- A little.
[LAUGHTER]
By the way...
Hong has a boyfriend.
No shit?
Well. not anymore.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What happened?
I...[CHUCKLES]
Brought my work home with me.
- Oh.
- Well. fuck him. then.
Yeah.
We've got each other. right?
What more do we need?
Damn straight.
Brothers.
♪ ♪
Always.
Mm.
♪ ♪
Hey. Chao.
Isaac... what is this?
I don't know how you got off that train.
but you fucked up coming back here.
And I know you killed Happy Jack.
Sound like you got a promotion. hmm?
Right.
I'm the boss now.
And if I don't avenge his death.
I'll have every gang on the coast
thinking I'm weak.
gunning for my business.
And I can't have that.
Wait. wait.
[GROWLS]
I'm worth more to you alive. hmm?
We make deal.
You don't have anything I want.
The counterfeit money. huh?
I know where the Hop Wei make.
I can't attack a Tong in the
middle of fucking Chinatown.
No need.
They're moving plates tomorrow.
Just a few men. hmm?
You can take...
if you know where to be.
♪ ♪
I'm listening. Chinaman.
So talk.
♪ ♪
[DOOR CLATTERS OPEN]
[FOOTSTEPS TAPPING]
[DOOR BANGS SHUT]
Evening. lads.
I take it you all work
for Mr. Strickland.
That's right.
And those are for me?
Mr. Strickland said to make it hurt.
You mind if I finish my beer first?
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[GUNSHOT]
[ALL YELLING AND GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
[GROANING]
No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. No. no.
- [BONES CRACK]
- [SCREAMS]
[GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
[GROANING]
[SHOUTS]
[YELLS]
[BLADE SWISHES]
[RAPPING IN A CHINESE LANGUAGE]
♪ ♪